first thing we're going to do is cook
some bacon I have six strips in here
which I cut into slight pieces as you
can see I'm just going to cook this
until it's all cooked okay we're going
to use two ten ounce cans of plan for
this I'm using baby clams and what I did
is I just as you can see drain them but
I'm going to keep the liquid that's 283
grams by the way if you're using bigger
clams you're gonna have to chop them or
you can just buy minced clams for this
you know chopped clams I'm also going to
use clam juice for this this is an 8
ounce bottle that's 236 milliliters
if you cannot find this you can use a
cup of chicken stock alright we're going
to take the bacon out of the pot now
that it's nice and crisp I will keep the
fat in there I'm going to add some
chopped onion to this and a celery
we're going to cook this for a few
minutes until the onions are softened
and translucent I'm going to be using
baby potatoes for this recipe all I did
is scrub them I will not peel them and I
quartered them you can use russet potato
peel it and just chop it into pieces
I'm going to add some thyme leaves to
this let's call it a teaspoon now I'm
going to add 1/3 cup of all-purpose
flour couple grams on the recipe for you
we're going to cook this for a couple
minutes now we're going to add our
liquid the liquid from the cans and the
clam juice you know the clam juice is
salty and the liquid from McCann also
has some salt to it so I'm not going to
add any salt until the end we'll taste
it and then decide if it needs more so
you have roughly two and a half cups of
liquid and I'm going to whisk it in and
get rid of all the lumps that might form
you know all the flour lumps that might
form
there's no flour lumps in here this is
perfect I'm not gonna add my potatoes
and most of the bacon I'll leave some
for topping so leave that for toppings
all right we're going to let this simmer
for about 15 minutes until the potatoes
are tender
don't let this start boiling crazy okay
make sure it's just simmering I want you
to stir this occasionally okay these
potatoes are cooked they're nice and
tender I can pierce them with a fork
that took about I'm going to say maybe
20 minutes I'm going to add one and a
half cups of cream to this and I'm going
to add the clams so we're just going to
mix all this we're going to simply heat
this through I'm not going to let this
boil and that taste for salt for me
it's fine I will add pepper as you can
see I garnish this with some bacon and
now we are going to eat dinner yes this
is one of my favorite soups it's not
health food so I don't eat it maybe once
a year but boy is it good this is very
very very nice you're super easy to make
elegant enough to have for when you have
guests over it's also a great little
weeknight dinner by the way this bread
is made by my friend Mercedes here and
she's going to be making a video with us
in a few weeks so that I can show you
how to make this we're gonna make these
into little rolls delicious thank you
for watching this video I appreciate it
a lot if you liked it and you
like thank you if you share it with your
friends and you serve and you comment
thank you thank you thank you I really
really appreciate it you have no idea
how much I appreciate your support a lot
thank you I will have this recipe on the
website ready for you guys to come and
print it in the meantime eat well that
going broke
I'm going to see you guys soon